sir nigel farage president of the Europe
of freedom and democracy when we had a
president we'd see a giant global
political figure the man would be the
political leader for 500 million people
the man would represent all of us on the
world stage the man whose job was so
important but of course you're paid more
than President Obama well I'm afraid
what we got was you I'll I'm sorry but
after that performance earlier that you
gave and I don't want to be rude but but
you know really you have the charisma of
a damp rag and the appearance of a
low-grade bank clerk and the question
that I want to ask the question that I
want to ask that we're all go out is who
are you I never heard of you nobody in
Europe had ever heard of you I would
like to ask you president who voted for
you and what mechanism oh I know
democracy is not popular were you lost
and mechanisms evils of Europe how the
booze is is this European democracy well
I i sent us I said well though that
you're competent and capable and
dangerous and I have no doubt that it's
your intention to be the quiet assassin
of European democracy and of the
European nation states you appear to
have a loathing for the very concept of
the existence of nation-states perhaps
that's because you come from Belgium
which of course is pretty much a non
country but since you took over we've
seen grease reduced to nothing more than
a protectorate sir you have no
legitimacy in this job at all and i can
say with confidence but i can speak on
behalf of the majority of the British
people in saying we don't know you we
don't want you and the sooner you're put
out to grass the better